[@ilionx/oauth-client-core](../README.md) / [Exports](../modules.md) / OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters

# Interface: OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters

The client constructs the request URI by adding the following parameters to
the query component of the authorization endpoint URI using the
"application/x-www-form-urlencoded" format,

## Table of contents

### Properties

- [client\_id](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#client_id)
- [code\_challenge](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#code_challenge)
- [code\_challenge\_method](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#code_challenge_method)
- [nonce](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#nonce)
- [redirect\_uri](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#redirect_uri)
- [response\_type](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#response_type)
- [scope](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#scope)
- [state](OAuthCodeFlowAuthorizeParameters.md#state)

## Properties

### client\_id

• **client\_id**: `string`

The client identifier

The authorization server issues the registered client a client
identifier -- a unique string representing the registration
information provided by the client.  The client identifier is not a
secret; it is exposed to the resource owner and MUST NOT be used
alone for client authentication.  The client identifier is unique to
the authorization server.

The client identifier string size is left undefined by this
specification.  The client should avoid making assumptions about the
identifier size.  The authorization server SHOULD document the size
of any identifier it issues.

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:22](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L22)

___

### code\_challenge

• **code\_challenge**: `string`

A challenge generated by the client.

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:74](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L74)

___

### code\_challenge\_method

• `Optional` **code\_challenge\_method**: ``"S256"`` \| ``"plain"``

Needs to be sent if S256 is used as code_challenge method

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:79](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L79)

___

### nonce

• `Optional` **nonce**: `string`

Value used to associate a Client session with an ID Token, and to mitigate
replay attacks. The value is passed through unmodified from the
Authentication Request to the ID Token. Sufficient entropy MUST be present
in the nonce values used to prevent attackers from guessing values. One
method to achieve this is to store a cryptographically random value as an
HttpOnly a session cookie and use a cryptographic hash of the value as the
nonce parameter. In that case, the nonce in the returned ID Token is
compared to the hash of the session cookie to detect ID Token replay by
third parties. Use of the nonce is OPTIONAL when using the code flow.

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:92](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L92)

___

### redirect\_uri

• `Optional` **redirect\_uri**: `string`

The redirect_uri the client wants (4) to redirect to.

Mandatory if multiple redirect URIs are configured on the client.

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:69](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L69)

___

### response\_type

• **response\_type**: ``"code"``

Defines the flow type: authorization code flow

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:27](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L27)

___

### scope

• `Optional` **scope**: `string`

 The authorization and token endpoints allow the client to specify the
scope of the access request using the "scope" request parameter.  In turn,
the authorization server uses the "scope" response parameter to inform the
client of the scope of the access token issued.

The value of the scope parameter is expressed as a list of space-
delimited, case-sensitive strings.  The strings are defined by the
authorization server. If the value contains multiple space-delimited
strings, their order does not matter, and each string adds an additional
access range to the requested scope.

  scope       = scope-token *( SP scope-token ) scope-token = 1*( %x21 /
  %x23-5B / %x5D-7E )

The authorization server MAY fully or partially ignore the scope requested
by the client, based on the authorization server policy or the resource
owner's instructions.  If the issued access token scope is different from
the one requested by the client, the authorization server MUST include the
"scope" response parameter to inform the client of the actual scope
granted.

If the client omits the scope parameter when requesting authorization, the
authorization server MUST either process the request using a pre-defined
default value or fail the request indicating an invalid scope.  The
authorization server SHOULD document its scope requirements and default
value (if defined).

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:63](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L63)

___

### state

• **state**: `string`

Useful to keep track of the session in the client or to prevent unsolicited flows.

#### Defined in

[flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts:32](https://github.com/Q24/oauth-client/blob/d3fb1c4/packages/oauth-client-core/src/flows/code-flow/model/authorization-request.model.ts#L32)
